c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\SmartStock.Tests.dll
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\SmartStock.Tests.pdb
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\SmartStock.dll
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\SmartStock.pdb
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.xml
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\obj\Debug\SmartStock.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\obj\Debug\SmartStock.Tests.dll
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\obj\Debug\SmartStock.Tests.pdb
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\SmartStock.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\SmartStock.Core.dll
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\SmartStock.Common.dll
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\SmartStock.Core.pdb
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\SmartStock.Common.pdb
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\eric.sun.fabrichq\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\SmartStock.Tests.dll.config
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\SmartStock.Tests.dll
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\SmartStock.Tests.pdb
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\SmartStock.dll
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\SmartStock.Core.dll
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\SmartStock.Common.dll
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\SmartStock.pdb
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.xml
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\SmartStock.Core.pdb
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\SmartStock.Common.pdb
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\obj\Debug\SmartStock.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\obj\Debug\SmartStock.Tests.dll
E:\Project\SmartStock\SmartStock.Tests\obj\Debug\SmartStock.Tests.pdb
